---
layout: shorts-post
title: "8"
permalink: /kisa-kisa/8
categories: shorts
---

As a relatively young unmarried person, living in a big city. Working in a white collar work. I want to observe the events of my life in a distant. And if possible to watch my condition and develop it. 

What are the games we play?

I wanted to set aside my internal evaluation for a moment. And try to focus on the expectations of the outside world from me. According to my capacity, what was the clearest view of the outside? What was the definition of good? But for us sane people, an important criterion of the definition of good is how people position themselves in life.

The country and time we live in, our city and "culture" determines it to a certain extent. These expectations of the culture from us may contain errors. 
Controversial daily trends make up a large part of the culture. These "hypes" can create corrupt personalities. It can very easily go beyond the bounds of simple rational thought.

In today's capitalist world the amount of money you make is an element of this definition of good. 
But although this state of well-being requires a certain essential material factor, its not single handedly determines other peoples perceptions. 

Social Currency. Especially among advertising agency, graphic designers employees.
These people are almost expected to perform on social media platforms Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter.
There are material reasons for these results. On the other hand, the psychological and physical characteristics of human beings play a role on these digital objects. 
I think it is not that important.

* Looking good, speaking good. 
* To get used to gaze.
* Looking healty. 
* Focusing. 
* Money needs to be corelated some skillfull work. 
* Clarity of the thought. 
* Discipline is important.


